Standardise the module interface (#10062)
matrix-org/synapse: CHANGES.md

Unreleased
==========

The spam checker interface is now deprecated in favour of a new generic module system and

> will be removed in Synapse 1.40 (planned for mid-August 2021). See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is planned for removal in August 2021. See the
```
